Custom product Content Type clarification (#1552)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/catalog/product.md

>             - my_custom_product_type

Reviewer: Should there be a minus before "my_custom_product_type"? 
`yaml` styling interprets it as substraction and colors the line red while we just said that we want to add this identifier to the config file.

Author: That's part of YAML's array syntax: https://www.w3schools.io/file/yaml-arrays/, see for example: https://github.com/ezsystems/ezcommerce-shop/blob/7169ce3dfbafca67f696b2009209d83414207bb8/src/Silversolutions/Bundle/EshopBundle/Resources/config/product_settings.yaml#L3

```

The custom Content Type must mirror the structure of the built-in `ses_product` Content Type,

> including having Fields with the same identifiers,

Reviewer: Is it "the structure that includes the Fields with the same identifiers", or is it "by including/having the Fields with the same IDs", or would it be just "The custom Content Type must include all the Fields with the same identifiers as the built-in `ses_product` Content Type, ..."?

> including having Fields with the same identifiers,

Author: ```suggestion
by having Fields with the same identifiers,
```

but you can add other Fields to it.

!!! tip

>     To ensure all the Fields are set up correctly, you can copy the built-in Product Content Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To ensure that all the Fields are set up correctly, you can copy the `ses_product` Content Type
```

    and add your custom Field to the copy.

> Additionally add the following parameters for your custom Content Type's identifier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, add the following parameters for your custom Content Type's identifier:
```
